yo we're back baby recap raps coming at
you with the biggest superhero Throwdown
of all time Captain America Civil War
let's do it
91 Siberia word repetition motorcycle
accident accomplished mission
present-day Nigeria Avengers led by
Captain try to stop that guy from
passing until wanna take some drastic
action stuck remembers and time in
December so he tries to check the future
with Foundation September Avengers
Assemble pairs with Oren banner land as
our edge fights against this giant stack
of documents the MacGuffin for divisive
discussion to Peggy Carter kicks the
bucket and we get to go to London in
Vienna the Wakanda came prepared to sign
the treaty
it's bone to little pieces that
construct an angry kitty in Bucharest
Bucky keeps a low profile
so captain intercept cement and
everything goes buckwild rooftop Trudeau
[ __ ] inconvenience motorists everybody
gets arrested and the perfect euro trip
and invincible teams putting past the
scenes is more than just a theme it's
literally
Oh
drop Artie
[Music]
before
power plant bombs emo changes Bucky's
mindset cap brings him back for this
awesome bulging biceps [ __ ] he comes to
warns about his former thug light I'll
have to build a team lucky Falcon knows
a bug guy Tony knows a bug guy Peter
Parker oh hey good to see you again but
mostly your aunt's home a capital e
equipped with the kiss room Carter's
niece now it's time for the battle that
we all came here to see American heroes
at a German airfield strategic reveals
Spidey borrows caps shield power kicks
him in the face baby now we're in a
free-for-all everybody gets involved in
epic super people brawl which crafts
fire power everyone looks hard to beat
web slinging shape-shifting head lasers
archery Romanovs switches sides cap and
Bucky hit the sky vision shoots up and I
Brody somehow doesn't die not a real
winning team when you're down a war
machine wasn't just a fight scene it was
literally
Oh
from our team
now they're driving mr. Park
long time
[Music]
right now come on master prison struck a
dolphin get priorities in order then
it's back to Mother Russia and some
frozen Winter Soldier Captain Bucky
reminisce before they infiltrate the
premises make amends with Tony he don't
want to be the Nemesis now we're all
friends get the villain and we're done
but first watch on videos from 1991
Panthers on the prowl seeking Bucky
seeking Benjen when he finds out teemo
did it he's on suicide prevention shield
hot potato man this beating could go all
night [ __ ] he's got him pinned until
Tony makes him alright backs back hard
cap still shows this bar then he breaks
Tony's heart courtesy of Howard Stark
Zemo cotton locked in a high voltage
plank cameo delivery address to Tony
staying in a heartfelt letter Cavs tries
to poo the air I promise if you need us
maybe I'll be there so it seems cap
still got a team oh snap bonus scenes
post credits by the guns [ __ ] he doesn't
trust himself crying sleeps the answer
tucked inside the jungle and protected
by the panther back in Queens Peter
Parker got a nifty little start gift
setting up whose body got so may still
got it that was Captain America's
Superbowl
this recap rats remember the gel friends
are fighting because sign and a hashtag
smokebomb sup guys thanks for watching
if you like this let us know in the
comments what you want to see us do a
recap of next also be sure to check out
these other dope videos of ours and as
always be sure to hit that subscribe
button to stay up to date on all the
latest warp zone content now coming at
you Tuesdays and Thursdays I'll see
y'all next Tuesday what's on out